updated erc-7562 (#16)
eth-infinitism/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7562.md

All of the above are missing from the EOA account model.

However, there is one rule a transaction must follow to preserve the decentralized network: once submitted into the network (the mempool), the transaction is guaranteed to pay. This comes to prevent denial-of-service attacks on the network.

The EOA model implicitly follows the rule: a valid transaction can't become invalid without payment by the account: e.g. account balance can't be reduced (except with a higher paying transaction)

This rule makes the network sustainable and DoS-protected: the network can't be cheaply attacked by a mass of transactions. An attack (sending a mass of transactions) is expensive, and gets more expensive as the network clogs. Legitimate users pay more, and can delay operations to avoid the cost, but the attacker pays a huge (and increasing) amount to keep the network clogged.

> To mimic the same incentive structure in any Account-Abstraction system, we suggest the following transaction validation rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mimic the same incentive structure in any Account Abstraction system, we suggest the following transaction validation rules.
```

> These validation rules only apply to the transaction validation phase, not its entire execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These validation rules only apply to the validation phase of Account Abstraction transactions, not their entire executed code path.
```

For the actual interfaces of those contract-based accounts see the definitions in ERC-4337 and RIP-7560.

This documentation uses the terminology "UserOperation" for a transaction created by a smart contract account, and closely follows [ERC-4337](./eip-4337) terminology.

> However, the rules apply to any account-abstraction framework that uses EVM code to perform transaction validation and makes a distinction between validation (whether the operation is eligible for inclusion on the protocol level) and execution (onchain execution and payment) in a public mempool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the rules apply to any Account Abstraction framework that uses EVM code to perform transaction validation and makes a distinction between validation (whether the operation is eligible for inclusion on the protocol level) and execution (on-chain execution and gas payment) in a public mempool.
```

## Specification

### Validation Rules Types
We define two types of validation rules: **network-wide rules** and **local rules**.

> First, note that a violation of any validation rule by a UserOperation, should result in the UserOperation being dropped from the mempool and excluded from a bundle, as described below in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A violation of any validation rule by a UserOperation results in the UserOperation being dropped from the mempool and excluded from a bundle.
```

> **Network-wide rule** is a rule, that its violation by a UserOperation validation should result in a reputation damage for the peer bundler that sent this UserOperation in the p2p mempool (marking it as **spammer**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Network-wide rule** is a rule, that its violation by a UserOperation validation should result in a reputation damage for the peer bundler that sent this UserOperation in the p2p mempool.
A peer bundler with a critically low reputation will eventually be marked as a malicious **spammer** peer.
```

> **Local rule** is a rule that its enforcement depends on each bundler's local state, meaning that other bundlers may not agree on violations of this rule, as each has a different local state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Local rule** is a rule that is enforced in the context of each bundler's local state, which may be different for each bundler and different bundlers may not always be in agreement on these rules' violations.
```

### Reputation Definitions
1. **opsSeen**: a per-entity counter of how many times a unique valid `UserOperation` referencing this entity
   was received by this bundler.

>    This includes `UserOperation` received via incoming RPC calls or through a P2P mempool protocol. More details on the [P2P protocol here]( https://github.com/eth-infinitism/bundler-spec/blob/main/p2p-specs/p2p-interface.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This includes `UserOperation` received via incoming RPC calls or through a P2P mempool protocol.
```

* **[OP-020]** Revert on "out of gas" is forbidden as it can "leak" the gas limit or the current call stack depth.
* Contract creation:
    * **[OP-031]** `CREATE2` is allowed exactly once in the deployment frame and must deploy code for the "sender" address.
      (Either by the factory itself, or by a utility contract it calls)
    * **[OP-032]** If there is a `factory` (even unstaked), the `sender` contract is allowed to use `CREATE` opcode
      (That is, only the sender contract itself, not through utility contract)
* Access to an address without a deployed code is forbidden:
    * **[OP-041]** For `EXTCODE*` and `*CALL` opcodes.
    * **[OP-042]** Exception: access to the "sender" address is allowed.
      This is only possible in `factory` code during the deployment frame.
* Allowed access to the `EntryPoint` address:
    * **[OP-051]** May call `EXTCODESIZE ISZERO`\
      This pattern is used to check destination has a code before the `depositTo` function is called.
    * **[OP-052]** May call `depositTo(sender)` with any value from either the `sender` or `factory`.
    * **[OP-053]** May call the fallback function from the `sender` with any value.

>     * **[OP-054]** Any other access to the `EntryPoint` (either CALL or EXT*) is forbidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **[OP-054]** Any other access to the `EntryPoint` (either of the `*CALL` or `EXT*` opcodes) is forbidden.
```

    (the sender is allowed to use the CREATE with unstaked factory, with OP-032)
  * **[EREP-061]** A staked factory may also use a utility contract that calls the `CREATE`

> ### Unstaked Entites Reputation Rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Unstaked Entities Reputation Rules
```
